Add installation via homebrew cask (#201)
timche/gmail-desktop: README.md

[**Download**](https://github.com/timche/gmail-desktop/releases/latest) the latest `.dmg` file.

> or via [cask](http://caskroom.github.io/): `brew cask install timche-gmail-desktop`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or with [Homebrew-Cask](https://caskroom.github.io/): `brew cask install timche-gmail-desktop`
```

> or via [cask](http://caskroom.github.io/): `brew cask install timche-gmail-desktop`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or with [Homebrew-Cask](https://caskroom.github.io/): `brew cask install timche-gmail-desktop`
```

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> 

Reviewer: This new line seems random and unrelated(?)
